Taiwan Warns Against Travel to China , Hong Kong After ...
Over 1 million Taiwanese national could be live or work in China , which remain Taiwan ’ s large trading partner . Advertisement Travel to China and Hong Kong be not safe for Taiwanese national regardless of political affiliation , the island ’ s rule party warn recently amid fresh revelation in the case of two Taiwanese national who go miss in China . Tsai Chin-shu , chairman of an organization promote cross-strait interaction , have be miss for over a year since travel to Xiamen in July 2018 , Taiwan ’ s semi-official Straits Exchange Foundation confirm last week . A talk show commentator have previously allege that Tsai have be detain for “ national security reasons. ” The news come after China ’ s Taiwan Affairs Office confirm it have detain Taiwanese activist Lee Meng-chu , also know a Morrison Lee , for allege “ criminal activity that could jeopardize China ’ s national security. ” Lee reportedly participate in a protest in Hong Kong and support the city ’ s pro-democracy movement on his Facebook page before enter Shenzhen , where he be detain . The case of Lee Meng-chu recall an early case of another Taiwanese activist , Lee Ming-che , who go miss in March 2017 . Two month later , China confirm that Lee Ming-che have be arrest . He be sentence to five year in prison for subversion of state power later that year . The case of Tsai Chin-shu , who promote cross-strait interaction a chairman of the South Taiwan Cross-Strait Relations Association , be unique in that report have indicate he do not support the ruling Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) , nor do he support Taiwan independence . Enjoying this article ? Click here to subscribe for full access . Just $ 5 a month . According to the Straits Exchange Foundation , Tsai attend a food industry meeting in Quanzhou , Fujian province on July 20 . The following day he disappear after check out of a hotel in Xiamen . Over 1 million Taiwanese national could be live or work in China , although there be no official statistic a neither government release an exact figure . Despite heightened tension between China and Taiwan since Taiwan ’ s DPP take power in 2016 , China remain Taiwan ’ s large trading partner . Many young Taiwanese seek more lucrative employment across the Taiwan Strait , and Taiwanese entrepreneur , know a Taishang , regularly invest or do business in China . Last year , the Chinese government streamline the process for Taiwanese citizen to receive Chinese residence permit in a bit to coax more Taiwanese national to move to China . Advertisement Tsai ’ s case have cast severe doubt on a common assumption make by many Taiwanese who live , work or travel in China that they will steer clear of trouble provide they do not publicly support Taiwan independence , the DPP , or other view critical of the Chinese Communist Party . The case also highlight Taiwan ’ s inability to receive information from China on it detain national since Beijing sever cross-strait communication with Taiwanese government official after Taiwan ’ s 2016 presidential election , during which President Tsai Ing-wen and the DPP , which favor eventual Taiwan independence , sweep back to power . Beijing have maintain unofficial relation with the previous Kuomintang ( KMT ) government , lead by President Ma Ying-jeou , who meet Chinese leader Xi Jinping in a historic November 2015 summit in Singapore . The Straits Exchange Foundation say it ask for help in locate Tsai from it counterpart in China , the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits , in August last year , but it have not receive any news of Tsai ’ s whereabouts . Diplomat Brief Weekly Newsletter N Get first-read access to major article yet to be release , as well a link to thought-provoking commentary and in-depth article from our Asia-Pacific correspondent . Subscribe Newsletter The Chinese government likewise do not immediately reveal that it have detain Lee Meng-chu , who go miss on August 20 of this year . Some report have indicate that Lee , who be an advisor to the Fangliao Township Office in Taiwan ’ s Pingtung County , take photo of Chinese paramilitary troop gather on the border between Shenzhen and Hong Kong . Lee Ching-yu , the wife of Lee Ming-che , have say on multiple occasion that the Chinese government have alter or cancel planned visit to her husband , who be imprison in Chishan Prison in Hunan province . Lee Ching-yu have say her husband face deteriorate health and have lose 30 kilogram since he be first detain in March 2017 . Ties between Taiwan and China have become far strained after the Solomon Islands switch it diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing on Monday . Beijing then warn Taipei it would take all of Taiwan ’ s remain 16 diplomatic ally should Tsai Ing-wen be reelect in Taiwan ’ s January 2020 presidential election . Enjoying this article ? Click here to subscribe for full access . Just $ 5 a month . Taiwanese official accuse the Chinese government of attempt to sway Taiwan ’ s presidential and legislative election by coax the Solomon Islands into recognize Beijing . Observers expect the Chinese government to continue it campaign of aggressively limit Taiwan ’ s international space ahead of the upcoming election .
2019年9月20日
https://thediplomat.com/2019/09/taiwan-warns-against-travel-to-china-hong-kong-after-detention-of-taiwanese-nationals/