UN recognize Taiwan a big winner from US-China trade ...
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) — A report by the UN Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) release on Tuesday ( Nov. 5 ) conclude that Taiwan be the big beneficiary of the U.S.-China trade war , inadvertently recognize Taiwan a a separate country from China while still pay lip service to Beijing . On Tuesday , the UNCTAD release a report title `` Trade and Trade Diversion Effects of United States Tariffs on China , '' which decry U.S. tariff on China a `` economically hurt both country . '' However , the organization acknowledge that the trade diversion effect have increase import from nation not directly engage in the trade war and bring `` substantial benefit '' to Taiwan , Mexico , and the European Union . Of the country list in the report , Taiwan be single out a the top beneficiary of the trade diversion effect of U.S. tariff level against China . In the first half of 2019 , Taiwan saw an increase of US $ 4.2 billion ( NT $ 127.8 billion ) in export to the U.S. , accord to the report . In term of industry sector , the report state that a high percentage of increased export to the U.S. come in the form of office machinery and communication equipment . China , which have previously dominate the market in office machinery , saw a drop of US $ 10 billion during the first half of the year , with Taiwan take up US $ 2.8 billion of the US $ 4.5 billion in trade diversion effect . China also saw a drop of US $ 5 billion in communication equipment , with Taiwan cash in on US $ 491 million in sale to the US in the first half of 2019 . Vietnam be the big winner in this sector , with US $ 1.1 billion in sale make to the US over that period . Taiwan 's third-largest export to the U.S. a a result of the trade war be electrical machinery at US $ 287 million , while the EU lead the pack in this sector with export of US $ 422 million . Metals and ore be Taiwan 's fourth big export at US $ 205 million , while Mexico cash in the most in this sector with export of US $ 373 million . Throughout the report , the UN treat Taiwan a a separate country with it own economy that be clearly not subject to tariff direct at China . Yet , for fear of upset China , the second-largest contributor of cash to the organization at $ 367.9 million ( 12 percent of total ) , the report awkwardly list Taiwan a `` Taiwan Province of China . '' After the report be release , Taiwanese Finance Minister Su Jain-rong ( 蘇建榮 ) say that the big observable impact of the trade war on Taiwan be Taiwanese company ' movement away from a red supply chain in China to a non-red supply chain in Taiwan , report CNA . He say this trend should continue , which in the long run be a positive development for Taiwan . ( Screenshot of chart from UNCTAD report )
2019年11月6日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3812154