Number of visit HK student , professor spike in Taiwan ...
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) — The number of Hong Kong student and professor apply to study and teach at Taiwanese university a guest have spike amid the prolonged protest in Hong Kong , which have lead to university to cut the semester short . In Hong Kong , violent clash have spread to college campus , include the Chinese University of Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Polytechnic University . Police have fire tear gas and rubber bullet in tense standoff , result in a spike in injury among protesting student . Meanwhile , the university most affected have shorten the semester for safety reason . Taiwan 's Ministry of Education have reveal that over 60 percent of the 1,021 Taiwanese study in Hong Kong have return home . Many have yet to decide whether or not to continue their education in the self-governing territory . Over the past week , at least six of Taiwan 's top university have announce that they welcome Taiwanese and other international student study in Hong Kong to take their course , say that class credit will be recognize if they meet requirement , UDN report . These school include National Taiwan University ( NTU ) , National Chiao Tung University ( NCTU ) , National Tsing Hua University ( NTHU ) , National Chengchi University ( NCCU ) , National Cheng Kung University ( NCKU ) , National Taiwan Normal University ( NTNU ) , and National Dong Hwa University ( NDHU ) . NTU tell the medium that it have receive over 100 application in one week alone from Hongkongers wish to enroll until the end of the first semester of the 2019-2020 academic year ( Jan. 3 , 2020 ) . Another 200 application have come from Taiwanese who have be study in the restive city . The school have say the applicant will be grant tuition exemption and will be charge only small fee for accommodation and wifi . NTHU have also receive more than 150 application from those seek to enroll a visiting student . However , the university have say that a review process be require before acceptance . According to National Sun Yat-sen University ( NSYSU ) , it have receive 10 official application from Hongkongers apply a visit student . Meanwhile , five Hong Kong professor have reportedly apply a visit scholar , and the school have state that office be already available for their use .
2019年11月21日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3821806