The 'new ' Taiwan beyond cross-strait relation
Beijing have be increase pressure on Taiwan recently . From a move to ban individual travel permit for Chinese visitor to Taiwan to two large-scale military drill close to the Taiwan Strait , China appear to be ramp up effort to influence Taiwan ’ s upcoming 2020 presidential election . This be nothing new . Since Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen ’ s inauguration in 2016 , China have not give Taiwan a day of rest in it battle to preserve autonomy . China ’ s diplomatic offensive have already cost Taiwan five ally , while Beijing ’ s `` 31 measure '' and other pro-unification incentive have polarize attitude across the island towards it gigantic neighbor . Cyber operative and grassroots United Front activity have also damage Taiwan ’ s democracy . Despite this pressure , a `` new '' Taiwan have emerge that be increasingly willing to think beyond cross-strait mechanism and to embrace a new regional role . This new Taiwan embodies progressive liberal value while seek to display a stabilizing role in the emerge Indo-Pacific theater . This be not a sudden transformation but an incremental process that have be in the making for year . Starting with it New Southbound Policy in 2016 , Taiwan have be work relentlessly to expand tie with it southern neighbor . While Taiwan have similar policy before 2016 , previous initiative focus on traditional economic cooperation . The New Southbound Policy include comprehensive engagement effort in diverse area . Taiwan have already set up agricultural demonstration farm and provide related technological training to local organization in Indonesia , with the Philippines and Vietnam to follow . Taiwan ’ s vibrant civil society have also contribute immensely in garner domestic support for the policy , while also extend Taiwan ’ s outreach regionally . The New Southbound Policy be more `` strategic and comprehensive '' than any of Taiwan ’ s previous policy direct towards Asia . While Taiwan ’ s economic dependence on China continue , investment in China have be gradually slow a a result of the US–China trade war . Taiwan ’ s total trade with New Southbound country climb from US $ 96 billion in 2016 to US $ 117.1 billion in 2018 . The number of student in Taiwan also rise from 32,318 to 51,970 during the same period . The New Southbound Policy have also make significant progress in tourism . Chinese tourist peak at around 4.1 million in 2015 but have steadily decline after Tsai ’ s inauguration . In 2018 , only 2.5 million Chinese tourist visit . Taiwan still have a record 11.07 million foreign visitor in 2018 . A total of 2.42 million visit from Southeast Asia account for 21.89 per cent of 2018 ’ s foreign visit . This increase of Southeast Asian visitor represent a remarkable growth of 13.8 per cent from 2017 . Taiwan and the United States be also enjoy their warm tie in decade . The Trump administration ’ s Indo-Pacific strategy share similar goal with Taiwan ’ s New Southbound Policy and both side be eager to cooperate . Various new piece of US legislation , such a the Taiwan Assurance Act of 2019 , have also confirm Washington ’ s commitment to the island ’ s security and democracy . US President Donald Trump have approve a US $ 2.2 billion arm sale to Taiwan , while the administration be also move forward with a US $ 8 billion sale of 66 F-16V fighter jet . With bipartisan support for toughen competition with China emerge in the United States , Taiwan ’ s strategic importance have steadily increase . Tsai ’ s administration have take full advantage of this trend , adopt multiple measure to strengthen the island ’ s role a not only one of the lead liberal democracy in Asia but also a critical security partner in the Indo-Pacific . Taiwan ’ s relation with like-minded country such a Japan and India be also show similar positive trend . Besides these prominent international effort , there be also several interest dynamic unfold on the island itself . As the trade war continue to create rupture throughout exist global supply chain , low-end production by Taiwanese firm be move into Southeast Asia , while high-end manufacturing firm be consider relocate back to Taiwan . The Ministry of Economic Affairs have approve investment this year value around US $ 16.03 billion for Taiwanese firm seek to return . If these investment materialize , they might provide key stimulus for the industrial sector and middle-level technical vocation for local . They might also assist in lessen Taiwan ’ s engagement with Chinese-led production network . Taiwan ’ s cultural power be also grow . Despite be shadow by the Korean Hallyu , Taiwan have be try to restore it status a one of Asia ’ s lead pop culture hub . Since Cheng Li-chiun ’ s inauguration a Taiwanese Minister of Culture in 2016 , official cultural agency and civil organization have take up a more proactive role . Local independent band have now go global and award-winning Taiwanese television drama be once again win the heart of audience in Asia and beyond . The Cultural Content Institute have also pledge to assist in develop Taiwan ’ s cultural content industry . Taiwan need public diplomacy that can engage more stakeholder across the globe . In an era where public opinion drive foreign policy , Taiwan have recognize the need to be more visible . This recognition be also a key characteristic of the ‘ new ’ Taiwan , a Taiwan that be contemplate fresh strategy towards an increasingly hostile China . This article originally appear on East Asia Forum , publish on Sept. 12 , 2019 . Alan Hao Yang be Executive Director of the Taiwan-Asia Exchange Foundation ( TAEF ) , Deputy Director of the Institute of International Relations and Executive Director of the Center for Southeast Asian Studies at National Chengchi University , Taiwan . Jeremy Huai-Che Chiang be a Non-Resident Research Associate at the Taiwan-Asia Exchange Foundation ( TAEF ) .
2019年9月14日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3777195