Bill give Taiwan 's firefighter legal right to scrub dangerous ...
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) — The Legislative Yuan today pass amendment to the Fire Services Act ( 消防法 ) , include a provision that state that if there be no danger to human life at the scene of a disaster , disaster relief worker be no longer require to carry out dangerous mission . After two firefighter perish in a factory fire in Taichung City on Oct. 3 , there have be much debate about revise the legislation . After the act be pass by the Legislative Yuan 's Internal Administration Committee in 2018 , Legislative Speaker Su Jia-chyuan ( 蘇嘉全 ) hold additional discussion on Oct. 14 and 24 , and a consensus be reach on the amendment . On Tuesday morning ( Oct. 29 ) , the Legislative Yuan revise the act to give firefighter `` the right to withdraw '' from dangerous mission . The provision specify in the third reading stipulate that under the premise of disaster relief safety , rescue personnel should weigh the purpose and risk of mission before take appropriate action , report CNA . If rescue worker deem that there be no risk to human life , high-risk operation can be call off . Under the new law , the National Fire Agency will be task with determine the criterion for dangerous disaster relief operation , accord to the report . Additionally , in the case of a factory fire , the plant 's owner must provide a list of the type and quantity of hazardous chemical to the fire chief on the scene , as well a a map to their location . If that information be not provide or be false , a fine of between NT $ 30,000 ( US $ 983 ) and NT $ 600,000 will be levy upon the owner , report CNA . The factory owner must also dispatch someone on site to assist firefighter in contain the blaze . If the owner fail to dispatch such a person , then they will be subject to a fine of NT $ 500,000 to NT $ 1.5 million . Should a rescue worker or firefighter die or suffer severe injury during a mission , the National Fire Agency be require to form an ad hoc investigative committee comprise of firefighter representative , scholar , and expert to determine the cause of an accident . The committee will then be require to present a report on the cause of the accident and put forward suggestion on improve disaster relief effort .
2019年10月29日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3805821