China throw tantrum over former Canadian PM 's visit to Taiwan
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) — China complain on Monday ( Oct. 14 ) about a visit former Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper make to Taiwan last week . On Oct. 8 , Harper join a delegation of foreign representative in attend the annual Yushan Forum ( 玉山論壇 ) in Taipei , where he meet with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen ( 蔡英文 ) . Harper 's trip mark the first by a former Canadian prime minister to Taipei . In a statement release to The Globe and Mail on Monday , China 's Foreign Ministry bitterly complain about Harper 's trip , say that `` China express strong dissatisfaction with the relevant Canadian person ’ s visit to Taiwan and have lodge serious representation to the Canadian side . '' The Foreign Ministry go on to add , `` We urge Canada to fully recognize the sensitivity and complexity of the Taiwan issue , to earnestly abide by the one-China principle and properly handle Taiwan-related issue . '' During his speech at the Yushan Forum , Harper speak indirectly about the communist country when he criticize nation whose `` trade strategy be about accumulate perpetual large surplus with other country , '' accord to The Globe and Mail . Harper also predict that , beyond the U.S. , other Western power will eventually retaliate against such unfair trade practice : `` Frankly , I will predict that the backlash will be big from Western country than anything we have see so far . '' China 's protest of the former Canadian leader 's visit follow a recent pattern of criticize and punish country for send delegation to Taiwan . On Sunday , an op-ed by Representative Sean Patrick Maloney ( D-NY ) reveal that the communist regime have deny entry visa to a U.S. congressional delegation in retaliation for their planned trip to Taiwan . In the op-ed , Maloney write that the denial of visa be clearly punishment for the scheduled trip : `` We be bar from the country for one reason only — our planned visit to Taiwan . '' Maloney describe Beijing 's new tactic a `` visa blackmail , design to stanch the longstanding tradition of robust U.S. congressional engagement with Taiwan . ''
2019年10月14日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3795910