Taiwan to buy more from US a seek to head off currency ...
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - Taiwan ’ s central bank and Ministry of Economic Affairs have set up a group to coordinate step up purchase of U.S. good , two source say , a it seek to reduce it trade surplus and head off be label a currency manipulator . FILE PHOTO : A Evergreen Marine container ship be see at Kaohsiung Port , Taiwan August 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo Taiwan be last label a currency manipulator by the United States in December 1992 and be then on the U.S. Treasury monitor list in 2016 and 2017 . Taiwan ’ s trade surplus with the United States this year be expect to pass $ 20 billion , meet one of the criterion Washington use to qualify for be on the monitoring list for a currency manipulator . In the first nine month of this year the United States record a $ 17.4 billion trade deficit with Taiwan . Taiwan be eye increased purchase of U.S. oil and natural gas , soybean , corn and military hardware , the source , who be familiar with the matter , tell Reuters , speak on condition of anonymity . Taiwan will “ step up import , include aircraft , agricultural good and so on ” , one of the source say , refer to import from the United States . Taiwan ’ s central bank decline to comment and the Ministry of Economic Affairs do not respond to request for comment . Trade-reliant Taiwan ’ s export to the United States rise 18 % in the first nine month of 2019 from a year earlier , partly boost by order shift to the island from China a manufacturer have seek to avoid high tariff result from the U.S.-China trade war . Crude oil and natural gas purchase from the United States be expect to be among the big ticket item , another source say . An official at Taiwanese refiner CPC Corp , who ask not to be identify by name , say that a a state-run company , they would fully cooperate with government policy . Taiwan ’ s current account surplus be 11 % of GDP , which also match another criterion to be label a currency manipulator , a the threshold be 2 % . CPC Corp announce a deal last year value at $ 25 billion to purchase liquefied natural gas from the United States over the next 25 year . The deal be aim at boost trade relation with the U.S. by reduce it trade surplus , and be also a sign of goodwill ahead of a visit to the United States by Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen , a person familiar with the government ’ s think tell Reuters at the time . The United States be the large source of military equipment for Taiwan , despite strong opposition from China , which claim the island a it sacred territory . The U.S. State Department have approve a possible $ 8 billion sale of F-16 fighter jet to Taiwan , the Defense Security Cooperation Agency say in August . Taiwan be the large beneficiary of “ trade diversion ” with $ 4.2 billion in additional export to the United States in the first half of 2019 , accord to a U.N. study . Investment from manufacturer who move part of their factory to Taiwan from China have reach more than T $ 690 billion ( $ 22.58 billion ) in 2019 , the government say this month .
2019年11月24日
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-taiwan-economy-usa/taiwan-to-buy-more-from-u-s-as-seeks-to-head-off-currency-manipulator-label-sources-idUSKBN1XZ0N4