Taiwan sign deal to purchase US $ 3.7 billion worth of US ...
Taiwan agree to purchase US $ 3.7billion worth of agricultural product from the U.S. ( Source : CNA ) Taiwan agree to purchase US $ 3.7billion worth of agricultural product from the U.S. ( Source : CNA ) TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) — A Taiwanese delegation sign an agreement with the U.S. on Wednesday ( Sept. 18 ) to purchase billion of dollar worth of corn , soybean , and beef from American farmer . The delegation , lead by Council of Agriculture Deputy Minister Chen Junne-jih ( 陳駿季 ) , seal the US $ 3.7 billion ( NT $ 114 billion ) deal with local agricultural company on Capitol Hill on Wednesday ( Sept. 18 ) . David Stilwell , assistant secretary of state for the Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs , attend the signing ceremony to show his support for the economic tie between the two country , accord to report . Over the past four decade , Taiwan and the U.S. have develop a comprehensive and long-enduring relationship , share common interest and value base on the Taiwan Relations Act and “ one-China ” policy , remark Stilwell . The first of his post to attend an event host by the Taiwanese authority , Stilwell say the ceremony can be see a an example of the two country ’ solid friendship . A bipartisan group of more than 20 representative and senator be among those who witness the signing of the memorandum of understanding , include those represent the state of Oklahoma , Georgia , Kansas , and Minnesota , where agriculture play an important role in the local economy . Taiwan have agree to buy high-quality U.S. agricultural good in large quantity and with good price , say Chen . He express hope that the purchase of U.S. product will far deepen the bilateral relationship in trade and other area . According to the agreement , Taiwan will buy corn , wheat , soybean , and beef from the U.S. Chen say the government ’ s policy toward U.S. beef export remain unchanged and that the beef be purchase be among the product already approve by the government . Congressman Ted Yoho , a member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , say the deal represent close tie between the U.S. and Taiwan . It send a signal to the world that the U.S.-Taiwan relationship will only become more robust in the future , he say .
2019年9月18日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3779839