Top 10 Halloween party in Taiwan for 2019
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) — As All Hallows ' Eve creep up , Taiwan News have create a list of the top 10 Halloween party at restaurant , bar , and amusement park across Taiwan for goblin and gargoyle who want to get their ghoul on . W Taipei 's `` Woo Park Halloween Party '' ( W Taipei photo ) W Taipei will be host the Woo Park Halloween Party on Saturday ( Oct. 26 ) from 9 p.m. to 2 a.m. at the WOOBAR , which will transform into an abandon amusement park . Those enter must first pass through a scary clown tunnel which lead to an `` abyss of fear '' where `` dreamland becomes screamland . '' The event will feature haunt techno and house beat by Xavier Gassemann aka DJ Don Rimini . Guests who wear full-face clown makeup or dress in a clown costume before 10 p.m. can enter free of charge . The first 30 guest will enjoy special effect makeup by Xuan SFX . Admission be NT $ 1,200 per person and include two Halloween cocktail . Time：Oct . 26 9 p.m. - 2 a.m. Location：W Taipei WOOBAR - No . 10 Zhongxiao East Road , Section 5 , Xinyi District , Taipei City Chefs Club `` The Haunted Rooftop '' ( Chefs club photo ) Chefs Club Taipei and East Drinks West will hold a scary Halloween party on Saturday with a rooftop view overlook Taipei 's skyline . A high-end luxury party will be hold in the indoor din area and five international DJs will perform in the open-air bar . The DJ lineup include Re : Soul , Ali Grey , Nicola Maglio , Jenny Chen , and Avocado Baby the Mango Messiah . Early bird ticket be NT $ 800 , while ticket at the door be NT $ 1,000 , which include two drink from the select menu . Costumes be not require but strongly encourage . Masks will require temporary removal prior to enter for verification of ID . Time：Oct . 26 Location：Chefs Club Taipei - Breeze Xinyi 47F Halloween at Triangle ( Triangle photo ) Nothing be scary than an open bar from 10 pm . to 12 a.m. at Triangle for the Halloween party . Organizers encourage regular who haunt the bar to try to appear more frightening than usual : `` Most of you guy ( include u ) , trust me , do n't need a costume to be ugly , but for this particular night , the uglier the good , the scary the good . The funny the good '' An NT $ 3,000 prize be up for grab for single and group that be judge to have the best costume . Time : Oct. 25 , 10 p.m. to Oct. 26 , 12 a.m . Location : Triangle - MAJI Square No . 1 Yumen Street , Zhongshan District , Taipei City James Joyce x Misanthrope Society Walking Dead/Drunk Halloween party James Joyce Irish Bar and The Misanthrope Society be join together to host the Walking Dead/Drunk Halloween party . The organizer invite ghost and ghoul to `` take part in our party at the most Irish bar and the most hell-like place in Taipei , and show u how your devil deep inside look like ! '' Those who arrive in costume will receive one free alcoholic beverage . A live band performance by the Bootyslappers will begin at 9 p.m. Time : Oct. 26 , 3 p.m. to Oct. 27 , 3 a.m . Location : James Joyce Irish Bar - No . 278 , Section 3 , Roosevelt Rd , Zhongzheng District , Taipei City Driftwood Coming Soon ( Taihu Brewing Brewery Taproom photo ) Driftwood 's Halloween party will offer two offer two-for-one drink special and other limited-offer special such a Halloween shot . Time : Oct. 26 , 3 p.m. to Oct. 27 , 3 a.m . Location : Driftwood - No . 46 , Kunming Street , Wanhua District , Taipei City Buckskin Beerhouse Halloween ( Buckskin Beerhouse photo ) Buckskin Beerhouse will be offer a series of pumpkin-themed dish which include a `` Pumpkin Forest Party Salad , '' `` Treacherous Swamp Soup , '' `` Ghost Tomb Paradise Pizza , '' and the `` Witch 's Lost Magic Cup Dessert . '' An alcoholic beverage will also be include . Those who show up in a Halloween costume will receive a voucher for one 300 ml glass of beer . Time : Oct. 25 to Oct. 31 Location : Buckskin Beerhouse - No . 91 , Songren Road , Xinyi District , Taipei City and No . 1 Nanjing East Road , Section 2 , Zhongshan District , Taipei City Taipei Zoo Zoolloween Strange Carnival ( Taipei Zoo photo ) The Taipei Zoo 's 2019 Zoolloween Strange Carnival will take place on Saturday . As this year ’ s theme be inspire by animal conservation , everyone be invite to join the `` fiesta carnival '' alongside conservation-related NGOs , the Taipei 's Department of Information and Tourism say . “ As long a you complete the challenge game on the same day , you will be entitle to participate in the lottery , ” it add . “ Apart from excite stage performance and trick-or-treating activity , you can also go on a date with the Strange Train Conductor at night , ” the department add . Zoo-goers be encourage to `` unveil the secret '' of three conductor , who will appear every 30 minute start from 6 p.m. People of all age be welcome to experience the carnival . For more information , please refer to Taipei Zoo 's official website and Facebook page . Time : Oct. 26 Location : Taipei Zoo - No . 30 , Section 2 , Xinguang Road , Wenshan District , Taipei City , Leofoo Tombstone From now until Nov. 3 , Leofoo Village Theme Park in Hsinchu County will feature Halloween parade during the day and a `` haunted night '' which include an `` Evil Restaurant '' on weekend . Time : Oct. 4 to Nov. 3 start at 1:30 p.m. on weekday and 2 p.m. on weekend Location : Leofoo Village Theme Park No . 60 , Guanxi Township , Hsinchu County XCUBE Be Somebody Festival On Oct. 26 , the XCUBE club , locate in Taichung ’ s Nantun District ( 南屯區 ) , will be host the “ Be Somebody Festival '' which include parody of famous Electronic Dance Music ( EDM ) DJs . One line on the event advertisement on Facebook read “ Bravely do someone else ’ s Halloween festival. ” The poster for the event feature three people spoof three of the EDM genre ’ s most commercially successful DJs , include Skrillex , Armin van Buuren , and Steve Aoki . However , the Taiwanese DJs for this EDM festival have be identify a Skrelax , Steve Aniki , and Armin van Bullsxxt . Like the DJs themselves , the festival encourage party-goers to come in costume . Those that do will get in for cheap than regular admission , accord to the Facebook event page . Entry for guy be NT $ 700 , or NT $ 500 if they be in costume . Entry for girl be only NT $ 300 , or free if they come in costume . Time : Oct. 26 Location : XCUBE - No . 41 , Daguan Road , Nantun District , Taichung City The Pier-2 Art Center 's Trick or Drink The Pier-2 Art Center 's `` Trick or Drink '' Halloween party feature a `` Meng Po Bar '' that include 22 variety of craft beer and lead brand wine and spirit . The event also include a `` Pranks After Getting Drunk '' food market , a `` Divine Workmanship '' craft market , a cross-dressing competition , and musical performance . Time : Oct. 26 to 27 Location : Kaohsiung 's Pier 2 Art Center - No . 1 , Dayong Road , Yancheng District , Kaohsiung City
2019年10月25日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3803198