Taiwan supermodel Lin Chi-ling tie knot in Tainan
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) — Taiwanese supermodel Lin Chi-ling ( 林志玲 ) tie the knot with Japanese boy band member Akira at a wed held in the island nation ’ s southwestern city of Tainan on Sunday ( Nov. 17 ) , ceremoniously end her single status , which have be a subject of interest for fan and the medium for year , accord to a CNA report . Born on Nov. 29 , 1974 , Lin , who make a splash in the modeling industry with her tall , slender stature , charm look , and sweet voice , have be dub “ Taiwan 's number one supermodel. ” Lin , 44 , begin to make inroad into the movie industry in 2008 when she play a role in the movie “ Red Cliff. ” Since then , she have star in several film , include “ Red Cliff Part II , ” “ Say Yes , ” and “ The Monkey King 3. ” She also work with Japanese actor Takuya Kimura on the Japanese TV drama “ Moon Lovers , ” which be first broadcast in 2010 . The supermodel be also a philanthropist and have devote herself to charity work over the year . She establish the Chiling Charity Foundation in 2011 to help child and young people realize their dream . However , Lin ’ s love life have be fill with rumor of puzzle relationship that didn ’ t go anywhere until she strike up a romance with Akira in 2018 , CNA report . Akira , who be seven year young than his wife , meet Lin in 2011 when they work together on a stage play , accord to CNA . The couple announce their marriage on June 6 of this year , which come a a surprise to the entertainment circle and her fan . In her marriage announcement , Lin write , “ Some people say , ‘ Love be a split-second gift . ' I think it take courage , tolerance , unselfishness , compromise , and naivety to turn the split second into a lifetime of company. ” The supermodel describe her husband a “ enthusiastic , hard-working , pleasant , and kind , ” and her father , Lin Fan-nan ( 林繁男 ) , praise his son-in-law for his tall stature and have a modest manner and good personality , the news outlet report . In Akira ’ s eye , Lin Chi-ling be full of merit . He say during Sunday ’ s wed that give the fact that the world have a population of several billion , be able to meet and marry her be the arrangement of fate . Akira 's word drive his wife to tear . ( CNA photo ) ( Lin Chi-ling office photo ) ( instagram.com/chiling.lin photo ) ( Photo provide by Lin Chi-ling 's agent )
2019年11月18日
https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3819108